------------------------------
AMBERDMS BILLING SYSTEM 1.4.0

RELEASE NOTES
------------------------------

Amberdms Billing System 1.4.0 is mainly a bug fix release but also
includes new invoice templates, various minor tweaks, SELinux support
and new install guides.


SELINUX SUPPORTED

Amberdms has been getting numerous support requests due to "broken" PDF
generation, which we have tracked down to SELinux on RHEL and Fedora
preventing Apache from calling pdflatex.

To resolve this without having to require customers to disable SELinux,
we have developed SELinux policy modules which are now installed
automatically by the RPM.



NEW PDF TEMPLATES

ABS 1.4.0 includes a (beta) feature of PDF templates. This feature is
still ongoing development, however at this stage it includes an English
language invoice PDF and a German language PDF.

Many thanks to the users who submitted invoice templates, however we
didn't have time before the 1.4.0 release to include them all, so they
will be released in 1.5.0 instead.

We plan to expand the 1.5.0 release to make it easier to upload your own
templates into the system without having to submit them to Amberdms,
since there are times when the style of the invoice is too unique to be
included in the public application.



FEDORA 12 NOW SUPPORTED

The supported platform list has been expanded to RHEL/CentOS 4+5 and
Fedora 11+12.

More platforms are coming soon, we plan to officially support Debian and
Ubuntu in the next release (1.5.0)



BETTER INSTALLATION GUIDES

Based on user feedback, we found that the installation guides have been
lacking in good content, in particular, the manual install guide was
hard for non-expert users to follow.

We also found that users were getting confused between the supported OS
and manual installation instructions and mixing them up.

So we have split the installation manual into two versions - one for
supported platforms and another for manual installations and expanded on
the detail.


PHONE HOME

A basic phone home feature was added to ABS 1.3.0 however wasn't
detailed much other than in the changelog, mainly due to the fact we
were busy focusing on getting the final features finished and polished
before release.

This lead to a few enquires by users wanting clarification on what
information was provided to Amberdms by the phone home.

The phone home feature sends an occasional message to Amberdms detailing
the version of ABS installed, version of PHP used and the operating
system, which we use to better understand the needs of our userbase.

We have added a full explanation of the feature and the information
provided into a section in the installation guide, as well as
information on how to disable if you so wish.




CHANGELOG

Refer to the CHANGELOG file for a full list of all modifications in this release.


INSTALLATION & UPGRADING

To install, please download the appropriate installation manual from the
Amberdms website and follow the instructions.

The installation manuals contain a section on how to upgrade for both
supported and non-supported platforms.

http://www.amberdms.com/?cms=opensource_billing_download


